title: ADS
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/03/04/personal/ads/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 27
created: 2005/03/04 21:41:00
created_gmt: 2005/03/05 05:41:00
comment_status: open
post_name: ads
status: private
post_type: post

# ADS

Listening to: 'You Got Lucky' by 'Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers' from 'Greatest Hits' on Media Center 10.0 Hey guys. Just warning you, I put ads on here in order to extort as much money from you guys as possible. Just kidding. But not really. But really, if you guys see something in the little bar over there that piques your interest, go ahead and click on it. Google usually keeps pretty good track of who's on their ad service, so it's cool. I'm kind of doing this because I don't have a job right now, and since this is something I like to do, and hopefully some of you like to read, I figured why not. It'll only be one or two ads and it's not really in the way. Give me $$$$$$$$!!!! Another new edition that I'm adding is the little what I'm listening to at the time of the post. While I could lie on what I put up there, I really have no reason. However a nice little program does print it out for me so all I have to do is copy/paste. Anyways, since I didn't get the RA position (I'm in the pool, if you didn't read below), I'm now getting an apartment. And let me tell you, the apartment we're getting is sweet!! For $720 a month (split four ways) we're getting a 3 bedroom apartment that is nicely sized, a swimming pool, a hottub, and a sauna. Pretty good deal huh? AND GUESS WHAT. A group of girls is going to be living directly underneath us. Can I hear a "Yesssss!"? Anyways people. KEEp IT HAppenIN!