title: New ads
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/03/11/personal/new-ads/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 36
created: 2005/03/11 23:56:00
created_gmt: 2005/03/12 07:56:00
comment_status: open
post_name: new-ads
status: private
post_type: post

# New ads

Hey guys. Just thought I would make note of the change for where my beer money collector is. I now changed it to right above the stories so you can't miss it. If you feel the need to click on one of the links and see what the advertisers site is all about, then please go ahead and feel free to do so. It means that you are partially funding my Canada trip :D. Speaking of Canada, all of my friends from my hometown are there now (not counting you Fargo peoples), while I'm actually here twiddling my thumbs wishing I could have the money to justify doing that. Unfortunately, I don't and so like I said I sit here talking to you, my imaginary friends and audience. At least somebody's get enjoyment out of it. Also speaking of Canada, me and my buddy managed to steal (buy off ebay) some of the Green Day tickets so now we are go on that plan. From what I've read, tickets sold in minutes of them going for sale for this concert, so it's pretty huge that we get to go in the first place. We may not have the greatest seats, but we'll be good and liquored up and it will be a riot. Plus, I'll get to be the American Idiot. LOL. Those damn Canucks you gotta love em. Anyways, I'm going to chill here for awhile on the computer. Currently downloa... er watching OC season 2. Are they only up to episode 15 so far?? That show ROCKS!!! If I was a millionaire, I would definitely buy the seasons. Instead, I'm relegated to being a petty thief. :( Now I actually am leaving. BYE.