title: 100th Post
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/08/10/personal/100th-post/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 103
created: 2005/08/10 22:48:00
created_gmt: 2005/08/11 06:48:00
comment_status: open
post_name: 100th-post
status: private
post_type: post

# 100th Post

So, it's my ah 100th post. WOO! So here it is guys. I've been doing alot of thinking over the past few days and come to some conclusions. The first one is to do with girls (of course). So you all wonder about who the perfect girl is for you? Simple. Look for the girl least like you (and still attractive to you, of course). These are the ones you'll really come to "click" with because they always offer you something new. And no, for those wondering, I do not have a girlfriend. Just an observation. Moving on, I have been reading the last book in the Dune series, titled Chapterhouse: Dune. It is a phenomenal read and probably the one that connects most with my psyche. In this one, Frank Herbert finds surprising new ways to philosiphize on politics, leadership, and life in general. I honestly feel that every page I read in this book is a worthy addition to my life, which is hard to say for most books (and usually isn't said). Anyways, a passage: 

> Education is no substitute for intelligence. That elusive quality is defined only in part by puzzle-solving ability. It is in the creation of new puzzles reflecting what your sense report that you round out the definition.

Pretty badass, huh? So yeah, alot of this book has been finding its way into my head, and that is awesome. Anyways, besides the revelation on girls, I don't have much else. I'm out.