title: Tell me how anybody thinks under this condition
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/11/03/personal/tell-me-how-anybody-thinks-under-this-condition/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 138
created: 2005/11/03 22:41:00
created_gmt: 2005/11/04 06:41:00
comment_status: open
post_name: tell-me-how-anybody-thinks-under-this-condition
status: private
post_type: post

# Tell me how anybody thinks under this condition

_Listening to: 'Dark Blue' from 'Everything In Transit' by 'Jack's Mannequin' on Media Center 11_ I downloaded the newly released [Google Desktop 2](http://desktop.google.com/) today. I have to say, I'm fairly impressed. Instead of being a glorified search tool for your computer files like the original was, this one actually pulls of some cool stunts. The most obvious new feature is the sidebar. It sticks on to either the right or left side of your screen (for some reason I prefer the left side even though it hangs over the start icon), and it displays tons of information you may (or may not) find useful. Currently, I have it displaying news, my Gmail account, a "Todo" list, a scratch pad for writing down anything I find interesting, the temperature, and finally a collection of maps of interesting places. Phew, that was a lot. Anyways, what really prompted me to make a blog was to write about dirty 'ol Microsoft (known in the nerd community as M$). You know they've really recently begun to remind of the former cool kid who's been replaced by the new guy in school (Google). In their effort to climb back up to the top, this company resorts to doing everything it can to copy its chief competitor and annoyance. Take for example, this new [Windows Live](http://www.live.com/). Compare this to [Google Home](http://www.google.com/ig), and you find out the differences are surprisingly few and far between. I've been using Google Home for a few months now and I love it, but you can count on me not using Microsoft's version. It's not only this either. Guess what's going to be included in their next OS? A sidebar similar to Google Desktop. Microsoft has a problem however. They're stuck in the '90's, when everything that was bigger was better. Well Americans know better now, we've seen the results of our outrageous ways in the rise of gas prices, the slump in the economy, and we've now witnessed that we can't make every country do things our way. No matter how long we occupy them. Microsoft is a prime example of this outrageous flamboyance. Compare Windows 98 to Windows XP. Excuse me, was a giant green Start button really required? Were giant red X's required? Microsoft, I think everybody gets the point of "X". No need to point it out. And if they didn't guaranteed they wouldn't just because you make it red. Well Microsoft is continuing their trend. Microsoft Live is bigger than Google Home, and in being so, it's clunkier and less efficient as well. I've seen pictures of their new sidebar, and I'd say it takes up about 20% of your screen real estate compared to Google's 10%. Microsoft here's my point: Google may not do it better than you, but they do it in a cleaner and more efficent fashion. Everything is logically placed and it all makes sense. You (Microsoft), on the other hand, prefer to crowd as much information into as little space as possible. Me? I'd like an interface that hearkens back to Windows 2000 or is comparable to Gnome (don't worry about Gnome if you aren't a nerd like me). Something simple that gets the job done. In fact, it's why I use the plain jane Windows 2000 look in XP. Efficiency Microsoft, Efficiency. Americans don't have time for lavishness anymore. In other news, my roommate is lending me his fridge now. I'll keep your beer cool!