title: 112598337027781571
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/09/05/personal/112598337027781571/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 116
created: 2005/09/05 23:54:00
created_gmt: 2005/09/06 07:54:00
comment_status: open
post_name: 112598337027781571
status: private
post_type: post

# 112598337027781571

_Listening to: 'This Place Is A Prison' from 'Give Up' by 'The Postal Service' on Media Center 11_ The day is over, and the weekend is over now. The Apartment. How are things going in the apartment? Nicely for the most part. Everyone is getting along pretty decently. It seems that a couple of the guys have a harder time with my cleaning habits and what-not, but that's me. To be honest, my cleaning habits usually originate from the fact that I seem to be ADHD. I think of doing one thing, than I get completely sidetracked and do something stupid. Perhaps if I didn't have a computer, a book, or anything for entertainment, I would be much more focused on stuff like cleaning. But it just doesn't happen. Sorry guys, I don't have much focus in my life. Basically my focus is on one thing: school. And even that gets sidetracked alot. Sorry if that offends any of my roommates (even though I don't feel that was a very offensive paragraph). Honestly though, if one of you dudes are reading this, and you happen to have criticisms, go ahead and tell me, and I will either try to fix the problem or explain the cause of it and why it happens. Other than that, I think most of the differences extend from different personalities. As most people in Bismarck know, I'm a very strange guy sometimes and I have an awkward (and cynical) sense of humor that takes sometime to get used to. Sorry if I offend you guys or something I'll do my best not to. So that's the apartment life. A little rough going, but hey what do I expect? These guys have known each other for practically their whole lives and that puts me at a disadvantage in many respects. Anyways, besides that, we got this sweet Zen fountain or garden or whatever. It's really sweet and relaxing except when it makes me want to pee. Still awesome. And it keeps my bladder in shape. Mmm what else. So much to say. I've been learning lots of Ryan Adams on guitar recently and that's really enjoyable. Love the guy's music. It doesn't get better, honestly. At one point I'm going to post my schedule on here, but I'm not going to make it a part of the main page. Instead, I'm going to put it in a separate document and provide a link. At some time. That way you guys and gals can know everything. By the way, the ladies here are SMOKIN'. Unfortunately, this being a big "B-class" school, alot of the girls come from small towns where they dated guys for centuries before they came here. I'm counting on them to break up by next year. Then I can move in. Count it! Anyways, I'm outta here. Peace.