title: 112888695621367785
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/10/09/personal/112888695621367785/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 129
created: 2005/10/09 14:36:00
created_gmt: 2005/10/09 22:36:00
comment_status: open
post_name: 112888695621367785
status: private
post_type: post

# 112888695621367785

_Listening to: 'Waiting To Panic' from 'Armed To The Teeth' by 'Abandoned Pools' on Media Center 11_ I've been trying to get my life back on track folks. I mean, I've put an honest effort into this venture. But it seems as though sometimes you can't escape mistakes of the past (or the day before). So it happens that I have failed yet another Math test, this time in Calculus 3. Indeed, dark days. Indeed. What can I do to fight this? The answer has been in the back of my mind for ages but I've refused the solution. It was too simple, and denied to many facets of my life to take seriously. However, it appears that in order for me to be who I am meant to be, I will have to almost nearly reject my social life (which only existed on the weekends anyways those assholes). What does this entail? Here are some of my sacrifices: 

  1. Much less drinking
  2. Much less talking to friends
  3. Much less worrying about social happenings
  4. More caring about myself instead of others 
I hate giving up those things. They happen to be major aspects of my life (well, I can do without the drinking), and the thought of giving them up kills me. I feel extremely selfish doing it, but I hope you my friends can understand what I'm doing here. When I commit to something, I don't commit half-way. That's not my way. I'm going off the deep end here ladies and gentlemen, and that's all it comes down to. In other news, PRACS screwed me over. Wow fancy that.

## Comments

**[Anonymous](#43 "2005-10-13 00:56:00"):** it's not really being selfish cuz when u have a family they will be happy if u are making the big bucks cuz u didn't fail college that's right i don't punctuate what u gonna do jim

**[MaChinE](#44 "2005-10-13 15:44:00"):** i will eat you jim

