title: Have you ever
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/08/17/personal/have-you-ever/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 106
created: 2005/08/17 15:15:00
created_gmt: 2005/08/17 23:15:00
comment_status: open
post_name: have-you-ever
status: private
post_type: post

# Have you ever

Just finished reading Chapterhouse: Dune. Well, so that is that. The end of Frank Herbert's romantic, philosophical journey through humanity. Frankly, the books started out unambitious. If only I would have known what Frank Herbert had planned. Unfortunately, we will never know the full extent of it. That is, of course, assuming that his son Brian Herbert doesn't quite possess the literary skills that his father did. Perhaps his grandson will complete it. Why am I talking of this? Well, all who have read the six chapters of Dune would know that Frankie left us hanging. And according to sources close to him he had plans to wrap it up in his seventh book. Interesting to note that this is very analoguous to J.K. Rowling and C.S. Lewis. Must be a British thing. So what did i gather from this book? It seems that Frank has taught a lesson as ancient as humanity itself: for us to survive, change is necessary. While I was in retrospective mode (after completing the book), I was walking around, gathering some food (a scotcheroo, if you must), and grabbing a cold Coca-Cola. It was there that I realized that habits (such as caffeine) hold us in. They keep us from change. It is now that I realize that is why humanity sees habits as such a threat to itself. On a smaller scale, we don't see it. The smoking, the drinking, the eating. But when you look at all the others, you see it. You see the scariness of it all. The inability to change is a scary thing for humans, who have depended (for over a few million years) on it. This is why we fight drugs (even marijauna), alcohol, food, smoking, etc. It SCARES us. I wonder, what if we took these objects in, and successfully married them to the rest of our human composition? After all, food is, as I have often argued, just another addiction in itself. Could not alcohol be seen as a food? As a necessity? Perhaps not for a while. Not while it changed who we were. But once we got used to the change, I start to wonder if our bodies would be stronger, more resilient to emotion. Or perhaps marijauna. This thing disables our ability to think. It actually decreases your IQ by something on the magnitude of 10 percent. And so what if this is just another natural tool that nature is using to thwart us? If it is, then it is only natural that humans with above average intelligence will once again come out of the woodwork to lead humanity. Of course, this is all speculation, and I open myself to the fact that there are many clear and well devised arguments to what I said. But it is speculation I feel you, my dear readers should think about. Maybe add in some on my comments board. Who knows, maybe something interesting will come of it.