title: Evolution
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/10/24/personal/evolution/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 134
created: 2005/10/24 21:29:00
created_gmt: 2005/10/25 05:29:00
comment_status: open
post_name: evolution
status: private
post_type: post

# Evolution

_Listening to: 'Creep (Acoustic)' from 'Towering Above The Rest' by 'Radiohead' on Media Center 11_ Ok, I hate to bring controversial topics up, but my buddy felt the need to state his opinion up on my comment board, so of course, being the debater that I am, I'm going to say a few things. However first I should say a few things: apologies for even bringing this whole evolution deal up, and apologies if I offend you Jim. But thanks for putting your opinion up. As Jim said about himself, I am also no expert on this topic. However, I did go to a few (pro) Evolution sites before I posted and put some thought into what I was going to say. This should by no means be considered "research". First of all, I am a Catholic. The church has previously come out and said that evolution was probably the most plausible theory to the creation of man, and forwarded that opinion by saying that Genesis should most likely be taken metaphorically. Shockingly, I have read Genesis (it being one of the few books I have read most of in the Bible). I found it very interesting, and indeed it does draw many correlations to our own world today. But I digress. To counter one of Jim's points, "ALSO FISH THAT DEVELOPED FEET: HALF DEVELOPED FEET ARE A HINDRANCE TO AQUATIC LIFE, SO WHY WOULD FISH START DEVELOPING FEET?", here it is: as we all know, nature has a tendency to get overcrowded (humanity as an example). So it isn't too far of a stretch that as the sea got overcrowded and the killers of the sea got more and more badass, that some animals tried to make a break for the shore. Now, you say how could this happen so rapidly. Well, in all reality it probably did. Evolutionary theory (if my memory serves me correct) proposes "explosions" of mutation. It's not too much of a stretch to imagine an animal that would develop fins/feet to quickly go ashore to escape an oncoming predator (or even possibly just go shallower waters). Over time, these fins/feet would develop into feet. Of course, a branch of the family of this creature would have to develop the ability to breathe above the water. Now, dinosaurs and birds. "...IT WOULD BE PRETTY ACKWARD FOR DINOSAURS RUNNING AROUND WITH HALF FORMED WINGS TO RUN AROUND AND SURVIVE AND STUFF, YET NATURAL SELECTION WAS KINDER TO THEM THAN THE REAL DINOSAURS?" Once again using my creative imagination, I imagine creatures that attempt to eat wildlife in large trees in the forest. It follows that this creature would need to have a fairly strong jump to reach farther up. However, if a mutation were to occur that would allow this creature to stay up in the air a little longer, then that would help it get more food. Just as giraffes developed longer necks, other creatures might develop wings. These half-wings wouldn't be too much of a hindrance because A) the creature would be very light and therefore quick on its feet in the first place and B) wings are aerodynamic and can be tucked into a creature; ever seen a bird go after a worm? They're pretty quick about it when they hop around on those two feet. Now, I did this all pretty much with my imagination, which is what my friend did. I'm no authority on evolution and should never be considered to be one, but it is easier for me to find ways to believe evolution rather than Creationism or Intelligent Design. In fact, some parts of the bible inspire me. First of all, he said that we were created in his own image. If God is the universe and everything, and we are made of some of the most abundant materials in the universe, then aren't we created in his own image to a very high degree? Secondly, the bible states that first there was darkness and then on God said "Let there be light!" (Possibly one of the most quoted phrases in the Bible, by the way). I find it very easy to correlate this to the Big Bang, where physicists theorize that first the universe was a huge ball of energy, and then suddenly, in a Big Bang, the universe was created with tremendous force (remember Einstein's equation E=mc², it doesn't mean just nothing). And in fact, it is well known that matter is just energy moving at extremely high speeds (for example, take your mass in Kilograms and multiply it times 90 billion billion to figure out how much energy you would produce if all your atoms were split). Now, everybody has their beliefs and I believe everybody's entitled to them. Think about it, but please don't say anything else on my comment board. I like talking about myself more and that last post (and this one), annoyed the hell out of me writing them, just because I know I'm pissing off so many people. But if you do leave a comment, I may have to write back!!!! Be warned. Anyways, take it or leave it, it's all the same to me.