title: HEY!
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/10/13/personal/hey/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 130
created: 2005/10/13 00:55:00
created_gmt: 2005/10/13 08:55:00
comment_status: open
post_name: hey
status: private
post_type: post

# HEY!

__Well I'm off the depression curve once again (like I usually am) and somewhat happy now. At least, I'm happy to be alive. I'm not happy with my grades or with college in general right now, but you know what? Who the fuck cares you know. I mean, I care. But not in the way that I'm going to be destroyed forever by this shit. Yeah, I'm going to have change my life. That's life. You know somedays we can curse the hell out of that teacher and this class and all sorts of nonsense, but in the end it really comes down to the fact that I have this chance that so many other people in the world don't have. And for that reason, I'm going to take advantage of it. Maybe I can pass this luck, this chance, onto someone else someday. Maybe I can make somebody else bitch and moan about college. That's my eventual hope. To be able to listen to somebody else bitch and moan about the same exact shit that I do now. That's all I got for now. Sorry about the excessive swearing, I'll clean my mouth tonight.

## Comments

**[Anonymous](#45 "2005-10-13 23:24:00"):** fucking right but don't eat me my word verification was dczjil, maybe they should make it "string of character verification" because it doesn't seem like a word

**[MaChinE](#46 "2005-10-16 15:40:00"):** personally i like calling these strings "words". in fact im thinking of writing these "words" down and making my own language.

