title: Doesn't matter but I'll think about it anyways
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2005/05/27/personal/doesnt-matter-but-ill-think-about-it-anyways/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 82
created: 2005/05/27 19:28:00
created_gmt: 2005/05/28 03:28:00
comment_status: open
post_name: doesnt-matter-but-ill-think-about-it-anyways
status: private
post_type: post

# Doesn't matter but I'll think about it anyways

Listening to: 'Mockingbird' from 'Cold Roses (CD1)' by 'Ryan Adams' on Media Center 11 I'm back in Bismarck! With that statement there is not much else to say. I've hoped to post some pictures of Austin Texas by now, but my friend Jordan has been pretty weak on getting me pictures of that city. Actually, we were in a middle-class suburb called Round Rock. Hopefully I can paint you guys a picture of my trip to some extent though. First, there was the 22 hour drive, after which I proceeded to make that loopy post earlier. The drive consisted of me riding shotgun for a pure 21+ hours, without falling asleep once. Possibly the stupidest thing I've ever done, right next to the last time I stayed up for almost 48 hours. The count for my most recent venture into the area of sleep loss is 36 hours by the way. I managed to impress both friends and family. Thank you very much. After the drive, and still in my state of sleeplessness, we went to a Round Rock baseball game with Jim Milky's Dad, Mark. I can't remember the name of the team, but I'm sure Jordan will remind me sometime soon in his all too enthusiastic manner. It took place at Dell Diamond. After I recovered from that with a crashing 14 hour nap, we then played World of Warcraft for most of the next day. Once again, props to Mark Frohlich for letting me use his account selfishly (your character was in a rough spot....didn't feel like touching that). That night we went to another baseball game and I was a little more into it that time. Luckily for us and unfortunately for the opposing team, we were close to the third base plate. The third basemen proceeded to recieve a full onslaught of insults from me, Jordan, Jim, and even the BC. The next day (or something like that... I lost track of time in Texas), we went to San Antonio. There we touristed ourselves around and visited a very important national landmark. By national I of course mean the country of Texas (did I mention the intense state pride in Texas yet?). While many of us might not be appreciative enough of the Alamo, it is a very important and pivotal moment in our country's history and it was neat to see it. What is really cool though is that the city is built up around this landmark. Here in North Dakota all our landmarks are like an hour drive away and rather out of the way. We also walked around the boardwalk at their mall and I debated buying a cactus for Mandi. Funds were short! The boardwalk was cool because it followed the river, which the mall is built upon. The day after that we went to a natural springs pool called Deep Eddie. Some say its temperature was 68 degrees, but I say that's bullshit. It might have been 76 degrees or a little warmer maybe but 68 degrees will freeze you! It was still really cool (in more than one way) and it was nice to take a dip in a pool again after almost a 9 month hiatus. A few days after that, Saturday or so, we went to Six Flags in San Antonio. There we went on some sick rollercoaster rides and a nice waterpark. The rollercoaster rides we went on were the Rattler and Superman. Both were really fun. Superman was really sick because there was no floor beneath you, and it had some sick loops and whatnot. Sunday I got really sick and puked about five to six times, I kid you not. I passed out around 9 and woke up and puked a couple times (included in the official count), prompting Jim and Jordan to drive around and find me some Pepto Bismol. I puked it up. I slept through most of Monday, the J's went to The All American Rejects, which I'm really bummed about missing. We left on Tuesday and I slept off most of the trip in the agony of a disastrously sore stomach and a really sore neck (from sleeping so damn much I'm guessing). I'm all better now, and the experience was incredible! There's most certainly some things I missed (ie going to RotS at 3 in the morning opening day!), but I can't write about every minute of my trip. Anyways, apologies to Mandi for not getting the cactus, I'll make it up to somehow someday, apologies to everyone else for not even promising to get you a gift (HA!) and thanks to the Milky's and Jim's wife um I mean girlfriend who's name I still can't remember. I'll think of it someday.