title: 114595082784528646
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/04/25/personal/114595082784528646/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 169
created: 2006/04/25 02:37:00
created_gmt: 2006/04/25 10:37:00
comment_status: open
post_name: 114595082784528646
status: private
post_type: post

# 114595082784528646

The best explanation of illiterate PC users ever has finally arisen. I would like you all to see this quote first hand, but I will also give a little link-action for you clickers out there (of which there must not be many of, judging by my ad performance): 

> Many users are of the opinion that the problem is not Microsoft, it's _them_. I call them the _guilt group_. They believe that they are not educated or experienced enough to properly maintain a computer, and they tend to view a computer's workings as quasi-magical. They get frustrated when things go wrong, but they also denigrate themselves in the process. When you service their computer, you're practically a shaman to them. They bow at your awesomeness, if not at your rates, and if they were happy with you, they'll probably call you again in 6 months when the next horrible event happens that they somehow managed to pull off, despite your previous work. Curiously, the _guilt group_ is partially the same group that proves problematic in interface design, because they assume that the problem is them, and not the interface.

[Here's the link](http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20050204-4588.html). Sorry if you guys and gals aren't at wonder at my expertise anymore after this. David.