title: David, writing about girls?!  :'(
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/03/21/personal/david-writing-about-girls/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 162
created: 2006/03/21 23:49:00
created_gmt: 2006/03/22 07:49:00
comment_status: open
post_name: david-writing-about-girls
status: private
post_type: post

# David, writing about girls?!  :'(

So I'm too sick to think of a title and my head hurts too much to be listening to music right now. I'm trying to get sleep, but nevertheless I find it unachievable. Why? Do not ask me, I couldn't answer. I guess it just stems from that little troubling corner of my brain that keeps on asking me: "Pss... hey Dave! When you gonna get one of them ladies?" That's extremely embarassing for me to say, but I'm trying to relieve some tension so I can sleep so bear with me here. This could be going places. Now the reason why this question is once again bothering me, when it hasn't in the past is that, as the couple of you who read my blog know, I just watched Adaptation, which has to deal with the same question (I left out the need to get laid and the jerking off part in my version of the question though.....). Anyways, I identify so much with that poor Charlie Kaufman that it really bothers me. I hate to think of myself becoming some horrible corpse of a man in thirty years with no confidence and no love, I suppose. By the way my roommates are talking really loudly right now and they know that I'm trying to sleep. Assholes. By love, I'm not trying to be cheesy (although I should try that more often), but I'm just trying to mean by love that feeling of attachment you get when you're entirely devoted to something, it doesn't have to be a girl, but that's preferable in nature (or God's, I supppose) eyes. I don't have that now, and sometimes it kills me. It's also a neverending circle, much like a depressant's continuous circle of depression. I almost get the confidence to do something, then I lose all faith. Then, I analyze the event and convince myself that I somehow made the mistake, which maybe I did, and then I lose confidence again. The worst part of this circle is that people don't wish to know about your own personal lack of confidence, they wish to see full, shining people in their lives. So you put on the mask and live, happily for the most part. This is crushing stuff, but it's good to write about and good to read about. I guess it's not so much that I'm not my true self to the outside world, it's just that I hide pain better than others. I hate to be selfish, and I don't think that the world only cares about me. That's why I like posting here. Nobody has to read it, or some crazy stalker person can read it and think deep sexual thoughts about me at night. Disturbing, but probably closer to reality than I like to think. So I guess I have to grow some balls. Or maybe the circle will just continue. Or I need to find a girl that will manhandle me and tell me what's up. Oh where oh where could she be? Note: if this post seems self-indulgent on the author's behalf, please forgive him as he has been terribly sick with the flu for the past few days and can't be trusted to be of a coherent mind at all times. David. That idiot who wrote the above note is only the other half of my brain, don't worry about him I don't like him much. Note one more thing: if it seems at any point that you have read a post by the author similar to this one already, then you are probably right. However, the author doesn't really seem to care and so good luck and look forward (with dread or glee, depending on your disposition) to more posts like this in the future.