title: Guidelines
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/11/18/random-thoughts/guidelines/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 205
created: 2006/11/18 21:04:11
created_gmt: 2006/11/19 02:04:11
comment_status: open
post_name: guidelines
status: private
post_type: post

# Guidelines

Hey. These are the guidelines by which I live my life, and I thought I would share them with you (and also put them in writing to commit them further to memory). 1\. Change is the only path to survival: Evolution is the true proof of this. If evolution is indeed the correct theory on the development of the species, then it is quite obvious that change and adaptation is the only true way to stay on top. 2\. Sometimes the best answer isn't the right answer: A lot of people like to do what is "best" for them, assuming it will also be the right thing to do. However, the right thing to do is a very messy business, and never a sure thing, and the path to the answer involves all the other rules. I like to trust my feelings and instincts on this one, and search out all possible outcomes that will occur if I choose to do something. I usually do my best to avoid doing something I regret, as regret is a quick way to other bad choices. 3\. Secrets and lies will bind you, the truth will free you: There seems to be a prevalent culture in America that its okay to keep secrets and lie to the ones you care about in order to not hurt them. Trust me, if someone asks you something and seems genuinely concerned, then the truth will be a much better path than lying. Humans are naturally suspicious and most are excellent lie detectors. However, it also serves to note that openly spilling the beans on everything in your life is not advised, and telling other peoples' secrets for them is horrible and damaging. Trust me, don't do that, I and I think most of you learned that the hard way as a kid. Only tell the truth as it pertains to you and the ones who care for you (which may not necessarily be the ones you care for). 4\. Nothing is certain: don't trust _anything_, as in people, natural laws, the government, etc., except for the rules by which you live your own life. However, trust that you may screw up any of those rules, and will have to find your way back to them the hard way. Generally, I find if I follow the above rules I can keep this last one on the wayside, however, it is still in the back of my mind at all times. In general, the only thing that is certain is death, however I see it being a possibility that medicine and technology will at one point obliterate this eventuality. Maybe not in our lifetimes, but perhaps. Take this as you will. Love you guys. PS. I discovered a really amazing singer/songwriter, Brandi Carlile. Ask me for some and I'll give ya some good tunes. She knows how to sing and she knows how to write and she knows what music is. Thank god.