title: What horses we rode, through wet somber fields
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/12/01/personal/what-horses-we-rode-through-wet-somber-fields/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 207
created: 2006/12/01 04:40:11
created_gmt: 2006/12/01 09:40:11
comment_status: open
post_name: what-horses-we-rode-through-wet-somber-fields
status: private
post_type: post

# What horses we rode, through wet somber fields

_Listening to: 'Don't Ask For The Water' from 'Heartbreaker' by 'Ryan Adams' on Media Center 12_ I don't know why, but I feel like a post tonight. First things first — no, I'm _not_ drunk this night. I just think it's the caffeine. I sort of had to go off the deep end tonight, doing my best to do my best with a make-up assignment for a test. Oh, and as this post goes on expect for random quotes from Ryan Adams' songs. I'm sure a few of you will recognize them. _"Works these hands to bleed, 'cause I got mouths to feed."_ Anyways, what good has been comin' around in my life lately? Well, lots to tell the truth. Little bits of sadness have been mixed in, but then life isn't life if you don't know sadness from time to time. I think I respect that fact better now. I've been doing lots of that lately, learning to appreciate new facets of life. It happens I think. When you make new experiences in your life, I mean. You learn stuff. You grow, become somebody not new, but more hardened. I'm sounding awfully dramatic right now, but I'm not trying to. It's not really that big of a deal in the end, it's just I realized that man, we're in the growing stages of our lives, and the truth is, I don't know if that stage ever goes away. I look at my parents, my mom and dad, and I see in their eyes something wiser every time I see them. It's much more noticeable now that I don't see them as much, that's for sure. _"When you're lonely, she makes you feel nice."_ But yeah, I had a good friend really refocus me this week. I gotta give him major props. He told me, you know, when it comes to crunch time, you gotta sacrifice the social aspects of your life somewhat. Don't worry, my dearies, I will still be participating in this weekend's festivities, but (I've switched over to Bobby D now, by the way) this drinking during the week nonsense has had to stop. First of all, it doesn't help my problems (too much), and secondly it really hurts what I'm really trying to accomplish up here. So yeah I've been hittin' the books hard. Not enough to crush them though. Me and my roomies also had a really sweet drunken fight Tuesday night. It was really impressive. I've never seen those two throw down the shit like they did. I offered my own arguments (which as many of you know can be infuriatingly middle of the fence sort of nonsense). _"You're the reason I'm travelin' on, but don't think twice, it's alright."_ You know, I think Bob Dylan can be a little over dramatic sometimes too. Maybe that's our faults, me and my heroes. We over do it. We put too much of ourselves into the things and peoples we love. As Woody Guthrie says, _"I've loved so many people, everywhere I went, some too much; others not enough."_ Anyways, thanks to be dished out this week, for helping me somehow survive some more. Jesus - for not existing (I'll hold judgment though, just as I hope you would.... if you exist! Oh and by the way, judgment has to be one of the most misspelled words... it's that non-present e!) BCWang - for actually having advice, and it actually being good (don't get overzealous kid). Maneurism - for being the most amazing man to walk on this Earth in our times, excluding myself of course. We usually trade 1 and 2 spots from time to time. David R. Adams - for being so goddamn good and helpin' us bed heads get through life. Guster - for doing something beautiful. God - for somehow existing, at least in my mind if nowhere else. Family - for being family. Even when I haven't seen you guys in a long time you still know how to give me shit. I get pissed, but it's beautiful. Women - for being beautiful. Woody Guthrie - for having more common sense in his right pinky than a thousand priests and preachers. Turtles - for letting me go my ways, spread my wings. And jeez, this list could go on. David _Take that load that been restin'_ _On your chests all floatin, testin'_ _Messin', pressin', never liftin'_ _Didn't you know? Just let it float off._ Oh I had to edit this quick Bob D quote in for the G. Forks kids with lids: _"But I would not feel so all alone, oh everybody must get stoned"_ Hehe.