title: It's been awhile/Turning a new leaf?
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/01/27/personal/its-been-awhileturning-a-new-leaf/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 152
created: 2006/01/27 00:04:00
created_gmt: 2006/01/27 08:04:00
comment_status: open
post_name: its-been-awhileturning-a-new-leaf
status: private
post_type: post

# It's been awhile/Turning a new leaf?

_Listening to: 'Suite bergamasque (Claire de lune)' from '100 Piano Masterpieces (Disc 1)' by 'Claude Debussy' on Media Center 11_ I decided to give this post two titles, because they both seem very indicative of a couple of things. The first being, obviously, that it has been awhile since I've posted on this blog (at least in any sane manner, that is). So I guess I'm sorry I know that there's a few out there in that Wide World Web who look forward to a post from me every once in awhile. Well stop your complaining and cheer up kid, because here the F it is. In the past while, a few things have been accomplished. First, I took my ECE111 test and most likely bombed it, which is very depressing. Secondly, and more importantly in some ways, I had an incredibly crazy weekend. To know where to start with this crazy tale of a weekend might be impossible, so I'll start at the point that seems most convenient, and where the story picks up to an incredible pace, and maybe fill in a little background so that there is some relevance to you, the dear reader. The night started off as some Friday nights tend to, with me and and a buddy going to pick up a good portion of alcohol. After this, we went to a party in Moorhead, where I met someone who happens to be in all my classes. After that, and before the sober-inducing criminal later to come, the party was pretty much awesome and goes as most Friday night happen to go. On to the sober-inducing criminal. While this person with a larger than average bosom was by no means a true criminal, the crime she committed on me and my friend was truly great. This single female managed to ruin the rest of my night when she climbed into my car to go over to a friend whom we know from Bismarck. This girl was extremely drunk and happened not to enjoy the music that was playing. In fact, her exact insiduous words were "I only like country and rap." Don't get me wrong I happen to enjoy some artists from both genres very much, but suffice to say the genres are at the bottom of my list. So, when Bobby Darin began to croon "Beyond the Sea" in my car she proceeded to call the song "classical" which it definitely isn't, and then to lean completely forward and change to the radio, and then to change stations. It wouldn't have made me angry if she did it once or twice, but she insisted ony doing it around 5 to 7 times, all the while Bill (the guy driving my car) is trying to keep us on the road and out of sight of cops. After that, the crime was truly committed because I lost all sense of drunkeness and my night was completely ruined. So me and Bill went home and took Wesley, who was visiting from Bismarck, to Bill's. The next day was a more interesting one. The plan was to take up four guys to Fargo, which I didn't feel to great about in the first place. We first went over to the "guy-from-Bismarck's" house, where Wes and the three other guys were already drunk. Normally, not too big of a deal, seems a little excessive, but not too bad. However, in this house, drunks are not what they seem. When these boys get the rum in their stomachs in broad daylight, events usually turn to the worse. These guys were starting to punch each other (normal unless you know these guys.... then it involves a lot of pain and suffering, usually on the sober individual) and were chasing lemon rum with mouthwash. Me and Bill decided to prudently get the fuck out of there before we got killed or something to that effect. After that, we went to go fill up at the gas station. A man with a greased up mullet and spiky, balding hair was filling up at the station to the west of us. He shouted over to us, asked us if we were going on a roadtrip, and we responded yes. Then he asked Bill (not me, presumably because I was filling up gas), to come on over and look at something. Bill and I both assumed that he was probably talking about drugs or something to that effect so he went over to check it out (being the idiot that he is). It turned out that the guy opened up the car, showed a few opened bottles of beer and a stoned or high or something girl that was looking a little woozy. He said to Bill, "Ain't that cool? Been a while since I got her drunk." That was when we drove up, leaving Wes and the other Bismarck guys behind simply because we felt we couldn't handle their drunken bullshit. It turned out that Wes got those guys to drive up. The two guys who were punching eachother and chasing rum with mouthwash ended up passing out before they even got to Grand Forks and they later drove back. Wes and his best friend stayed up and partied with us, and things gradually got better. Needless to say, Wes was a little torqued at us, but it was all gravy in the end. This week, I've been attempting to work off the pounds a bit (unsuccessfully), and that's where I've been turning a new leaf. My past week has certainly been full, and that's why I haven't really posted. I guess I just needed time to digest everything. David.