title: I lost myself on a cool damp night, I Gave myself in that misty light
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/09/11/personal/i-lost-myself-on-a-cool-damp-night-i-gave-myself-in-that-misty-light/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 191
created: 2006/09/11 19:32:11
created_gmt: 2006/09/12 03:32:11
comment_status: open
post_name: i-lost-myself-on-a-cool-damp-night-i-gave-myself-in-that-misty-light
status: private
post_type: post

# I lost myself on a cool damp night, I Gave myself in that misty light

_Listening to: 'Lilac Wine' from 'Grace' by 'Jeff Buckley' on Media Center 11_ Well, this is an obligatory post. It is very close to the end of the fifth year anniversary of the day none of us will ever forget, 9/11. The world has changed much, but it has also stayed the same to a large extent. Have the terrorists accomplished any goals? I'd prefer to think not; after all, while we have stepped up security, we have done our best not to sacrifice our freedoms at the same time. However, there have been some concerns; in particular to freedom, the secret NSA wiretappings are a blasphemy on our freedoms and the freedoms of all Americans, and likely accomplishes very little. Also, we have started two wars, one of which is doing okay, the other being in a shambles (take a guess as to which war that is) in its current state. However, the terrorists haven't really accomplished too much either from my perspective: they haven't gotten a message out, besides 9/11, they have failed to cause another catastrophe of that size in the United States (and the ones abroad were mere shadows of 9/11), and they haven't really impressed too many people anywhere. They are still extremists, still an extremist movement, and in that, they are still only criminals (unless they are state-sponsored, which is another topic completely). Ordinary people don't fear criminals, after all, the chance of getting hit by a 747 still has to be lower than being killed by a falling pumpkin. Have they instilled fear? Yes, to a certain extent. But us Americans have this funny way of overcoming fear; it was our very own Franklin D. Roosevelt who said, _"We have nothing to fear but fear itself."_ And in this, the terrorists lack an elemental tool: we refuse to fear you. If you would really have a problem with the way America deals with the Middle-East, then you would set up lobbying groups over here, try to change people's opinions peacefully, and eventually work America into supporting the Israelites less. The current approach is completely counter-productive and goes against Americans beliefs in freedom of choice and speech for every man. _You can't force a decision on a people, you must convince them that it is right._ I guess some of my friends might be confused with my comments. It's not that I support the terrorist's agenda, it's that I sympathize with a bunch of big countries running in and kicking a bunch of poor small countries out of a land just to set up a religious country in the name of a religion those poor small countries despise. Talk about a giant slap in the face. It can be worked out, and Israel can be left intact, but we have to realize that the Muslim community over there has just as valid of a point to want that land as the Israelis do. At any rate, I know this is an inflammatory article. Terrorism, the Middle East, and the whole mess in particular is tough to talk about, tough to rationalize, tough to justify. This is our task. We want to make the world free, then we must learn how to do that best. We must learn how to make _everyone_, not only Americans, attain the right to happiness. We must learn how to do this without bloodshed. We must learn. We must learn how to sacrifice. How to be humble, and yet be strong and righteous in our noble vision of a free people everywhere. Anyways, the quote above is from a song called _Lilac Wine_, as sung by Jeff Buckley. Phenomenal. Good luck folks.