title: If you gotta look back, don't look down
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2006/09/06/personal/if-you-gotta-look-back-dont-look-down/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 190
created: 2006/09/06 17:31:47
created_gmt: 2006/09/07 01:31:47
comment_status: open
post_name: if-you-gotta-look-back-dont-look-down
status: private
post_type: post

# If you gotta look back, don't look down

_Listening to: 'Don't Fail Me Now' from 'Jacksonville City Nights' by 'Ryan Adams' on Media Center 11_ Hey guys.  Depressing title, I know.  But I couldn't help it, it's a lyric in the song I'm listening to right now. However, for all intents and purposes, I'm pretty happy today - in fact, earlier today, when I was enjoying a hefty caffeine buzz, I was pretty confident that nothing could ruin my day, even if I wanted it to.  It's wierd how those things work. So where have I been?  Good question... and the answer is rather simplistic:  I've either been in drunky land where the children flock to the holy land of all fermented items, or I've been working, or I've been in school. School.  Let's talk about this thing.  School is a little rough right now.  I'm not being very religious about getting my assignments done.  It's not my fault I'm Catholic.  I swear.   And yes I just made a horrible joke.  Please don't laugh.  Speaking of Catholicism and those things, I haven't been very good about those either.  I really need to get to one of them churches, but I just don't. Current events.  There's some brat pounding his feet on my ceiling.  One of these days, I'm going to go up to his apartment and kick him. I'm in this class called "Circuit Analysis I", and this class, I just don't know what to say about it.  It's hard.  I'm doing kind of poorly right now.  But I love it.  I love being in it.  I don't know why.  I guess that's just the way these things go.  Differential Equations, well you know that doesn't really bother mentioning.  We've studied the same equations for the past week. Drinking, this I don't even want to think about.  I really honestly believe that I am finally just becoming truly rehydrated now, two days into the aftermath of Labor Day weekend.  Goddamn, here's a shout out to Grand Forks.  You kids know how to do these things right. Oh yeah, these things get put on Facebook now.  Speaking of which, Facebook has gotten exceedingly stalker friendly recently.  It doesn't even require <strike>us</strike> those poor lonely bastards to constantly refresh ten girls' Facebook profiles anymore.  It gives us all the information we hunger for on the front page.  It's a noble idea, but one that should never really be put into action.  People generally don't seem to appreciate everybody else being able to keep tabs on what they've been doing in the past minute on the internet. _Nightbirds, by Ryan Adams:_ _"Out under the stars Dodging them night cars baby Cause when you gotta move, you gotta move Whatever that it was You were thinking of lady You're certainly not thinking Of it now, And nightbirds sing you An empty tune In an empty house In an empty room In an empty moment All the nightbirds sing We were suppose to rise above But we sink I feel like a body stuffed into a trunk From a million years Of lying and getting drunk The people here inside me They are loud and in the night They scream and smash the windows And they fight And nightbirds sing you An empty tune In an empty house In an empty room With empty feelings When it comes too soon We were supposed to rise above But we sink Into the ocean"_