title: Wiierd
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2007/04/24/random-thoughts/wiierd/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 242
created: 2007/04/24 03:29:46
created_gmt: 2007/04/24 09:29:46
comment_status: open
post_name: wiierd
status: private
post_type: post

# Wiierd

I was glancin at my little Wii tonight and I was thinking about how much I love the shit out of it, and likewise Nintendo and their godliness and what not and then I thought about how dumb it was that what Nintendo has done with the Wii is considered "revolutionary." For starters, I'll give a brief (super brief) rundown of gaming console history. In the 1970's, when dinosaurs roamed the earth and terodactyls threatened to slice and dice us with their giant talons, human beings were mere creatures who could only play games like pong on our 13" color tube TVs. A decade later, and we were at about the same spot graphics wise, except consoles took lil' cartridges. We still played pong with them though. The industry was largely stagnant, everyone did the same thing, blah blah blah, basically the same situation we've had in the industry for the past five years, except at the time it caused the video game industry to virtually collapse. Then a little card games company called Nintendo made a piece of hardware (they had done a few video games before this monumental milestone, mind you) called the "Famicom", or Family Computer. Here, it was simply called the Nintendo Entertainment System. Along with Donkey Kong and Mario, Nintendo laid the groundwork for an entirely new video games industry. What's important to note is that it wasn't the hardware that was particularly important about Nintendo; it was the games they created on it. Mr. Shigeru Miyamoto (who looks like he will get a Times person of the year award), invented Donkey Kong. And then Mario. And then Zelda. And then Metroid. And then Star Fox. You see where I'm going with this? Nintendo has always had it figured out: really cool graphics are _really cool_. But really cool doesn't just sell a system. The games have to be good. They have to be enjoyable. They shouldn't require hours of training to finish. I mean, what are we doing here, playing a video game, for entertainment, or practicing a competitive sport. It's like practicing H-O-R-S-E so you can kick everybody's ass. Or like staying up all night figuring out strategies for Monopoly. But all this is just me flailing around wildly throwing out suggestions that the entire gaming industry, sans Nintendo is a sham. Which is not what I'm trying to prove. This is what I'm trying to prove: I like good looking games, but if I have to a) put multiple hours into doing the same thing over and over again to accomplish something b) ignore reality c) memorize tons of useless information and d) not enjoy doing any of the above, but doing so just for the sake of a sense of accomplishment, then chances are I'm not going to play it. Nintendo's got me figured out, what the hell is wrong with the rest of you guys?