title: Vows
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2007/08/06/personal/vows/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 280
created: 2007/08/06 21:12:50
created_gmt: 2007/08/07 03:12:50
comment_status: open
post_name: vows
status: private
post_type: post

# Vows

Today, I take a few vows with myself. These are the traditional pre-semester vows that I take every fall. They're much like New Year's Eve vows in that I can never seem to hold to them. Hopefully, by putting them down here for everyone to see, I can shame myself into holding true to them. Read on: 

  1. Only go out a few times this semester: first and second weekend of the semester (catching up time), Halloween (although the best Halloween party in the upper Midwest won't be occurring anymore), and post finals. Oh yeh, and Thanksgiving with the relatives.
  2. STUDY. Nearly impossible task.
  3. Do homework. If you thought number 2 was impossible for me, then don't put much faith in this one.
  4. Don't let some really depressing event to occur around, say, November time. For the past three years of college November has always been the most crucial, and unfortunately the most depressing time for me, so hopefully I can stave off the distress and anxiety of an oncoming winter, finals, sexual frustration, etc. somehow...... perhaps with lots of coffee and Coca Cola.
  5. Expand business: this conflicts with all the above.
At one point, I'm going to figure out how to perfectly balance five or so things going on in my life. All I need to do is figure out how to keep the allocated time for my social life, school work, and business all perfectly prioritized. Throw in a job to the mix and at least six to seven hours of sleep a night. Well I can get by with five some nights. Maybe even four or none. The only problem is that I get less productive with too little sleep or too much so I may have to figure out the sleep thing too. Maybe do what that one guy does and sleep two hours every time I feel a bit tired. Drinking screws that up. Dammit drinking I love you deeply but you gotta know you don't help me out a single bit. Water is pretty awesome. Especially post We Fest.