title: Linux
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2007/12/11/personal/linux/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 319
created: 2007/12/11 16:34:33
created_gmt: 2007/12/11 22:34:33
comment_status: open
post_name: linux
status: private
post_type: post

# Linux

Lately, I've been using Linux more and more on my now designated "homework and programming" computer, the H&P; PC, as it is called in more casual circles. However, I am thinking of maybe moving this computer out to the living room (for entertainment purposes), and repurposing my new build, the "Games and Entertainment crap" Computer (G&EC; PC) to become an "Everything PC", a role that XP used to hold.  
Why? Well, while XP was fine, Vista is really annoying. I don't know why, it's just too much of this and that. And while I can certainly go back to using XP, why go back to an old version? And while I can certainly convert the "look and feel" of Vista to look like the old 2000 look, once again, what's the purpose of using Vista at that point? So - I'm thinking of permanently moving to Ubuntu Gutsy Gibbon once I have purchased a 150 GB Raptor. The only thing I'm worried about at this point is using my "OEM" X-Fi Gamer. It didn't work in Linux last time with the beta drivers, so it's 50-50 now. But sometimes, things change.

Anyways - to end this - Linux isn't for the uber-geek anymore (as some would call me), but rather is moving steadily into power user territory. Why? Well, before I really liked Linux. It was fun to play around with and try to make things work. However, Feisty really stole that kind of fun from me and is forcing me to _use it_. And when it comes to using it, Feisty Fawn (the latest build of Ubuntu), really excels.

David