title: Why politicians can't be trusted with decisions on going to war
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2007/08/01/forceful-opinions/why-politicians-cant-be-trusted-with-decisions-on-going-to-war/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 279
created: 2007/08/01 14:08:24
created_gmt: 2007/08/01 20:08:24
comment_status: open
post_name: why-politicians-cant-be-trusted-with-decisions-on-going-to-war
status: private
post_type: post

# Why politicians can't be trusted with decisions on going to war

[I read this little ditty](http://www.kickthemallout.com/staticpages/index.php/War_Is_A_Racket) by the most decorated general of his era; that is, the post World War I (the War to end all Wars) era, about how war is a rip off for everyone but the most elite of a country.  I thought this was very interesting because it still stands today.  A few men have really profited; certainly, Mr. Vice President Cheney has [capitalized](http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2003/08/28/1062050604727.html) on this war with his little company Halliburton. Certainly, our dear, beloved president has capitalized; not only has he asserted more power over his people, the United States of America, than any other president has in the past, but he has also gleaned profits from the war to the tune of millions of dollars.  Shurely Mishter President Bush hash no inveshtments in oil companies? Of course, quite a few of the big companies have made very good profits during this War on Terror (or as I like to call it, WoT?).  One only need to look at the stock market today to see that companies are doing very well in this war environment. However, what is really important is that people look in their own pocket books.  Where are your thousands of dollars of profits from this war?  What, did you think that the rich people at the top would hand it down to you?  Of course, why would they need all that money?  Isn't that the Libertarian's point of view?  That view being that if a company makes a ton of money, they will give it to their workers, who will further extend it to other companies, and propel the nation forward on a lean diet of cash flow? Well, I still see far too many people struggling to make more than 7 bucks an hour.  I still see far too many people going into debt, calling bankruptcy, etc.  _This is ridiculous, people, it is time to get your heads on straight_.  Bush's tax cuts were supposed to fuel new economic growth in this nation, but all it did was make the pockets of the money men at the top deeper.  They didn't give these soaring profits back to us.  And what we will pay in return is our massive national debt. Which ties back into the war - this war is another money bag for the robbers running our country to profit off of.  _You people should know this, you're smarter than this!_  But the rich always find a way to talk us into this bullshit, don't they?  Business men enjoy long, drawn out wars.  The more tanks that need to be built, the more armor that needs to be manufactured, the better.  Stagnancy means growth.  For a few.  Profits, for a few.  For the rest of us, it means more debt - more taxes, less income, and, most of all, human loss. The sad thing is, is we are now realizing we were lied to.  Hindsight's 20/20.  However, time only moves in one direction, forward.  This is the flaw in most people's reasoning, that if they support one man's decision to draw the most powerful nation in the world to war, that they will be able to rescind that decision later.  That the consequences of a war will only be temporary (I remember seeing on the news that the war was only going to cost $20b, I think it's more around $200b a year these days). War is like sex to governments (remember, _"All is fair in Love and War"_?), in that the decision to do it seems so simple and straight-forward at the time, with the reward of committing to it being enormous, but afterwards, the consequences can be life-changing, life shattering.  Of course, sex has the one-upper of only adding life (unless you're into the whole abortion thing).  Sometimes that's not such a good thing either.  But I digress. At any rate.  The point of my ranting comes to me making a last conclusion.  Any involvement of a US troop - I repeat, _any involvement of a US troop_, in conflict, should be justified to the American people.  It should then be voted on by the people, using a similar scheme as to the one used for presidential elections, on whether _they_ want to go to war.  With all the facts in front of them, _they_, the people can be the last balancing force of the government in the most costly decision a government can make.  This will cut out the lobbying groups, the life time politicians, the dirty, power-grubbing hands of the Washington elite (or any other power structure for that matter), from spilling a great country into another conflict.