title: Babel
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2008/05/05/personal/babel/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 340
created: 2008/05/05 00:00:55
created_gmt: 2008/05/05 06:00:55
comment_status: open
post_name: babel
status: private
post_type: post

# Babel

When I watched the movie _Babel _more than a year ago, I didn't understand it. I couldn't understand why everybody did the things they did in that movie, why everyone messed around with things so much. However, I feel that now, I can understand it.  It's simple, and it drives the meaning behind all of the other movies that Guillermo Arriaga writes:  the simple fact that fear drives humans to do terrible things.  Fear drives the insanity that surrounds the cruel and/or thoughtless human acts against eachother and ourselves.  Fear is a terrible thing.  When you feel fear the best thing to do is to breathe and relax.  In the end, nobody can take care of that fear as well as you can.  Otherwise, you end up depending on other people and things to calm that fear inside of you. Also, it seems foolish to assume that fear can be _"beaten"_.  The only way that fear can be extricated from your body is to let it go.  Is to find the fear's cause and to address that problem.  If it isn't addressed, then the fear will eat you away.  It will eat away who you are and eat away your soul until nothing is left but some hypocrisy of what you used to be. However, this does not change the fact that bees scare the shit out of me and I need to be drunk off my ass to enjoy swatting at them.