title: My Take
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2008/09/21/personal/his-take/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 407
created: 2008/09/21 13:25:09
created_gmt: 2008/09/21 19:25:09
comment_status: open
post_name: his-take
status: private
post_type: post

# My Take

I don't know, but I'm getting this weird feeling that Paulson is making some huge mistakes.... my main concern here is that Paulson was traditionally the head of Goldman Sachs.... an _investment_ firm.   My main problem here is, Paulson is a man who is used to taking advantage of a system to make money.  Granted, he's using his prowess to make a product, but still, his product is making money out of investing _other_ people's money to make money. This job is inherently a predator's job - and the Federal Reserve Chairman's job is inherently a _protector's _job - the antithesis to a predator.  The Chairman's job is to protect the market not only from the consumer, but also to protect it from itself.  It's the ref, and it makes sure the game is sustainable in the _long_ run, and by long run, I don't mean the foreseeable future, but the next _100_ years.  That's not easy, but it's your job as the Chairman. This is why, in my mind, Paulson has no clue what he's doing.  It's not that he isn't a capable man, just not capable in this capacity.  What I've seen in the past month (and over the past year, but I was generally too stressed out to pay much attention in the first half of the year) is incredibly disturbing - this is not what a government is meant to do.  A government needs to be looking at the small-time guy, because they're the ones providing the cash inflow for these companies that are now collapsing because of said lack of cash inflow.  Instead, Paulson has been looking at the top, worrying more about making more out of less cash inflow instead of making more cash inflow.  This has the advantage of slowing down inflation - but when other governments are increasing cash inflow, our dollar loses value (there's less of it going around). So Paulson is worrying more about these companies not being able to hold their debts (because that's the immediate concern), instead of worrying about people being able to pay the debts - the government's job.  If you want to play it the other way (counter to how it's been done for the past 70 years), then you have to wonder, where are your home owners who take out loans going to come from?  So don't give the taxpaying individuals big tax returns - those are worthless.   Instead, tax the taxpayer's a little less, give them the ability to pay their bills a little easier, make their loan payments, etc.  If you don't care about them making those payments, then you must not care about making money - since they're the ones buying your products and your loans. I don't know, I'm not very well-versed in Economics, and I'm watching football, thinking about girls, etc., so it's hard for me to combine all my thoughts, but this is a gist of what I'm tryin gto get across.  Maybe I'll add more once I pull my head together.  Doubt it though, I'll probably be trying to make money instead.