title: Atlas Shrugs
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2008/08/16/personal/atlas-shrugs/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 377
created: 2008/08/16 16:24:34
created_gmt: 2008/08/16 22:24:34
comment_status: open
post_name: atlas-shrugs
status: private
post_type: post

# Atlas Shrugs

> _They are turning my head out_ _To see what I'm all about_

I finally finished _Atlas Shrugged_ by Ayn Rand.  It was decent.  Fairly anticlimatic.  Actually, her image of the individual is impeccable.  Something that is worth every human's time in examining.  However, her image of society is non-existent.  Perhaps this was due to her belief in the ability of the individual to overcome all obstacles. However, I do believe that while the individual can overcome all obstacles, and when the organism of greater society fails, must be defaulted to, that the organism of society can accomplish great things.  The pyramids of Egypt were designed, perhaps, by a few men, but built by many (albeit through the terrible act of slavery).  Likewise, the towers of today that break through the sky are usually designed by crack-teams of civil engineers, but the actual practice of them being built is accomplished by many. To take this one step further, construction jobs are always readily available, as are many other menial tasks devoted to the lower rungs of the economic ladder.  But for someone to start climbing up that ladder, generally some assistance is required.  It is nearly impossible for someone of lower economic stature to go to a University or college without first taking out loans, usually at the mercy of the beast that is our government.  Even Ayn Rand went to college - and she cannot tell me that some poor man trying to feed his family with a construction job or a job at the factory, or a single mom trying to keep her kids afloat via some menial task, whether it be waiting or working at a daycare or being a secretary, is going to be able to afford on their own to send their kids to college, and thus grant them an opportunity to move up the economic ladders of achievement in society. What Ayn Rand doesn't touch on (or else she considers them evil characters, even though in _reality_ these men are usually wildly successful) is that it is incredibly tough to move up economic ladders through menial jobs.  Simply put, men don't trust men who don't have the same or better education as them.  These men know that school provides not the meaningless wood to build the house, but rather the concrete to provide the basis for a sturdy house.  After this, the man can build his house as he wishes, and most employers hope that that house is built in their image. Basically, what I am explaining is that men need other men (and the kindness and investment of such men) to increase their knowledge and ability. However, I recognize the fact that man must have the initiative and the dreams and the wishes and the drive to do such things on his own - nobody's going to help him out there. So, what, as a society, can we do, to further the advancement of all worthy individuals?  Well, although the basis of these beliefs are basic truths, the larger picture is a much more complex mosaic, made up of sometimes conflicting truths.  I cannot hope to convey all facets of the picture, instead, I can only hope to indulge you upon my knowledge of these matters. First:  Men need to be allowed to do as they wish without fear of reprisal.  This is, however, checked by the fact that men must not be allowed to do what they wish when it causes harm to another person.  Where do you draw the line for harm?  I don't know, but you can start at bodily harm.  From there, the few tenets that we hold to today seem to suffice: not being discriminated against by nature of their disabilities (unless it disqualifies them for the job), their color, or their sex.  Beyond this, I can't see to many other issues that would cause harm against somebody. Second:  Taxes are necessary to run a basic government.  This is accepted.  A government _does_ serve a purpose, especially if it is built for the people it is meant to govern.  This is a double-edged sword, and since government is built on the ideas of men, without a structure or material good to represent it (beyond laws written down, which can always be amended), then it must be held up to the strict standards presented by the people who are to be served by this government.  In this, individuality plays its most important role besides self-advancement, in that every issue must be looked at by every man, and then every man must decide what _his_ (notice the emphasis on the ownership of that word) representative must do for him to advance the greater society.  It's a task that isn't easy; it takes some concentration and meditation to separate all the _bullshit_ those slimy worms (people who are only interested in advancement through the accomplishments of other people, with none to hold to their name) tell you. However, due to man's desire to destroy others (and also himself, seemingly) in the quest for his advancement, other men, who have spent years studying law and deciding what is fair and what is not, what is just and what is not, must decide whether the laws these representatives enact are just and fair, and within full compliance of the original wish of the constitution which our nation formed.  These men should be called judges. I'm not going to continue this thesis for now, however.  I'm a little tired from drinking milk (yes, Ayn, a result of my animal origins), and feel like napping for a bit.  However, later, I'm going to buy a pop and do some programming, and eat some peanut butter M&M's. PEace.