title: Why we regulate and why Ayn Rand was wrong and how it led us into this disaster
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2009/04/02/forceful-opinions/why-we-regulate-and-why-ayn-rand-was-wrong-and-how-it-led-us-into-this-disaster/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 564
created: 2009/04/02 13:02:46
created_gmt: 2009/04/02 19:02:46
comment_status: open
post_name: why-we-regulate-and-why-ayn-rand-was-wrong-and-how-it-led-us-into-this-disaster
status: private
post_type: post

# Why we regulate and why Ayn Rand was wrong and how it led us into this disaster

If it isn't clearly self-evident, then hopefully it should become apparent after this statement:  the financial sector collapsed because of a couple of giants falling apart. This is all due to this belief that has held the country captive in the past 20 years that _any_ regulation is bad.  This stems, as near as I can tell (with my extremely low amount of knowledge in financial/capitalist history) from the belief that when you let market forces do as they will, then the market will self-regulate naturally.  The problem is, is that the market doesn't self-regulate naturally.  What happens, _naturally_, is that people find profit in gaming a system.  _Especially_ a system where no rules exist.  Many of these people hired by these companies are hired because they've convinced the world at large that they can make money from no money, using fancy financial tricks. However, the greatest trick from these people comes at the end:  through unsustainable growth, they become so large that they _cannot_ fail.  By the market's laws, they _can_ fail.   However, the people and the government find their own personal lives invested so much in this one company that they have found that they _cannot_ let the company fail. This is where the faults of Ayn Rand's and many free-market thinkers goes awry, and this is why Teddy Roosevelt _(a Republican)_ broke up major railway companies in the early 20th century, and why he instituted regulations on industry at large:  self-regulation generally leads to no regulation, and what generally happens is _one person_ (no doubt, one of Ayn Rand's heroes) sells a large portion of the nation on an insustainable product where the profit is always much larger than the risk.  Inevitably, the product loses its high profit vs. risk ratio (due to market saturation) and the product starts to get risky.  A few people start to take the large profits they did make and run, and then more do, and then in the end a large portion of people empty out their investments in the product. This wouldn't be so bad, if the company didn't also have its money invested in other products, such as insurance.  It is at this point that the company becomes too big to fail.  Now, people's investments in their health, financial well-being, etc., are at risk.  Normal people.  People who had nothing to do with the other part of the company that was investing in the unsustainable products above. _This _ is why regulation is needed.  These two types of companies should never be allowed to merger.  How can one promise to pay out to a person if they get injured on one hand, and then use that money that was given to them by that person for insurance and use it to invest in crazy, unsustainable financial products?  The equation doesn't make sense.