title: The Big Old Flood
link: http://davidvedvick.info/2009/03/30/personal/the-big-old-flood/
author: vedvick
description: 
post_id: 561
created: 2009/03/30 21:13:49
created_gmt: 2009/03/31 03:13:49
comment_status: open
post_name: the-big-old-flood
status: private
post_type: post

# The Big Old Flood

Well, as if it hasn't been talked about enough, I want to put in my two cents on the Fargo Flood and what it has done to the community of Fargo. I'll start it off with an admission:  I am not a volunteering type of person.  I generally don't like doing work just to do work.  Some people like that, that's cool.  Everybody gets a high from something.  My high generally comes from listening to awesome music.  That was completely unnecessary for everyone to know, but now you do, so deal with it.   Anyways, long story short, I didn't volunteer during Spring Break, even though I was in town and could've and should've. However, peer pressure had its way with me (everybody on Facebook was volunteering apparently), and with the cancellation of classes last Monday, I felt like I _had_ to do something.  So I went into volunteer Monday night with my roommate Mark, and it was hard as hell.  Heavy rain, sloppy once beautiful green yards turned into mud made throwing sandbags a pain in the ass.  However, me and Mark got through it and took off after around 4 hours of passing sandbags. On Tuesday I got going again.  That day, the operation was even bigger than it had been on Monday.  The influx of volunteers meant that not all of us could get in the action, but I still filled sandbags for a little bit before I got all antsy and had to get on the bus to throw sandbags on the dike. Wednesday and Friday were much of the same (I took off most of Thursday just because I was so incredibly sore and tired) and by Saturday the river had crested and it seemed as though the worst of the worst was behind us (although [our fortunes seem to be going south again](http://valleyfloodwatch.com/news/new-prediction-warns-o-second-40-41-ft-crest/)), and I felt like I could rest. Anyways, throughout all of this, I discovered the incredible awesomeness and helpfulness and friendliness of Fargo.   Throughout my five (I think?) years here, I have always judged Fargonites to be very inward, smug people.  Maybe (probably) that was a product of me maturing (which I'm sure hasn't stopped yet).  However, this flood brought out the best of Fargo, and it proved to me that this town is full of good people who help anytime they can.  This town is worth saving not because of the property, but because of the very people that helped save it.  This town would be worthless without the people who cared so much about their town and the people in it that they wanted to save.  There are plenty of places in this world and in America where people would only want to save the property and the money, and would probably expect the government to do it for them.  In Fargo, the goal was quite different:  _the people save the people_. How extroardinary of an ideal.